=== PAGE 1 ===
COMPANY PROFILE

=== PAGE 2 ===
SPRINGBOK  
We specialize in Soft skills Technical & Corporate Training, Conferencing  
& Consultancy Services  

TABLE OF CONTENT  
01. INTRODUCTION  
02. WHO ARE WE?  
03. COMPANY LOCATION  
04. OUR MISSION  
05. OUR VISION  
06. ACCREDITATION  
07. TRAINING PROVIDED FOR PRIVATE AND PUBLIC SECTOR  
08. IN HOUSE TRAINING AND CUSTOMIZED TRANING  
09. OUR CLIENTS  
10. COMPANY DETAILS  

+260966135560  
+260955135560  
admin@springboktraining.net  
Jezmondine 13th Central  
Street, Lusaka Zambia.

=== PAGE 3 ===
INTRODUCTION  
Springbok Business Solutions was registered in accordance with the act of the laws of Zambia. Under the register of companies given the certificate No 320180002598. The company is also register with the Zambia Revenue Authority for Income Tax purposes TP No. 1005238205. business for the company involves corporate training, skills development and Management Consultants.  

WHO ARE WE?  
We demand the best from everyone at Springbok. Our training team members are carefully selected and assessed to ensure that they have the solid academic knowledge, combined with the necessary practical experience and communication skills to deliver a complete course experience. This should be an experience that is not just theory -led, but approaches the material with an emphasis on how to use its methods and techniques effectively in the real world. The Springbok team of experts has a collective experience of over 17 years in training and development facilitation.  
All our facilitators are approachable, professional and experts in their fields, with experience in a wide range of industry sectors. As a leading provider of professional services through the delivery of accredited training courses, we are committed to helping you get the most from your management systems. And at Springbok, we are passionate about what we do. This is why we've designed our services and trained our people to fit your unique set of circumstances. That is, the right mix of people with the skills, qualifications and experience to really help you get to where you want  

COMPANY LOCATIONS  
Springbok began operations in South Africa in 2014 and expanded its base to Zambia in 2017. We currently have offices in Lusaka and the Copper belt Province. Our brand continues to grow and we are looking at expanding into other Southern African countries by the end of 2023.  

OUR MISSION  
To provide the highest quality and most cost effective services, education and training to all our customers. Our customer relationships have been built up and all customers, large or small, are very importantto us. We believe no customer should go away dissatisfied, and we always make every effort to ensure that each and every experience you have with us is an effective and rewarding one. We believe so much in upholding integrity and credibility to all our clients.  

OUR VISION  
Continued development of Zambians and Africans at all levels of the private and public sectors and always serving the client.  
Community goals and investment.  
We are constantly on the lookout to invest in the community. We have been giving back to some previously disadvantaged communities through soft skills where our organization is based and this has seen a number of success stories from the communities. This is an initiative we intend to extend to the entire Country of Zambia and African continent as indicated in our vision.  

ACCREDITATION  
We have been awarded full accreditation as a Training Partner by The Business Continuity Institute. Furthermore, Springbok actively pursues excellence within our business processes. Our Skills Development Policy empowers our staff so that they can succeed in any operational or management position within the Company.

=== PAGE 4 ===
TRAINING PROVIDED FOR  
PRIVATE AND PUBLIC SECTOR  

Our training is provided in a range of formats. We welcome the private sector, public sector, local government, non- governmental organizations and parastatals on our public schedule of training courses.  


IN-HOUSE TRAINING AND CUSTOMIZED TRAINING  

Alternatively, if you wish to train a number of people within your organization, we offer in-house courses which can be run at your own facility or at a venue of your choice. If you are looking for something more specific that cannot be found in our course lists, we will happily develop training tailored specifically to your organization. If you need a training session, we can organize it at your premises or another venue in your town or city. We operate in all ten provinces of Zambia. Cost effectiveness is a priority in the execution of our entire program. We focus on providing quality training that will deliver real business benefits to our Clients.

=== PAGE 5 ===
SPRINGBOK TRAININGS AND BUSINESS SOLUTIONS  
DESIGNING TRAINING PROGRAMS TO SUIT YOUR BUSINESS NEEDS  

SPRINGBOK TRAINING AND BUSINESS SOLUTIONS  
we help progressive businesses, companies and Organizations get the best out of their teams through customized trainings. Our team of training professionals will analyze your training needs and design a training programme best suited to your Organization. We have the flexibility and expertise to offer the right blend of trainings and consultancy. You can expect cost effective solutions that bring high returns on investment in your human resources. Take advantage of our professional Training Needs Analysis service, through which we provide focused results. At Springbok Trainings and Business Solutions, your team will have access to up to date knowledge and the practical hands-on experience they need to excel at their work. We have designed and conducted training projects across multiple industries including Oil and Gas, Manufacturing, Banking, Retail, Aviation, Shipping, Hospitality and Trading. To see how we can help you increase your employee performance and productivity with customized corporate training solutions. Able results

=== PAGE 6 ===
EXPRESSION OF INTEREST TO PROVIDE  
IN-HOUSE TRAININGS TO YOUR ORGANIZATION  

Our In-House Training Courses are 100% customized and developed with your organizational objectives as its core guideline. It is a complete learning solution delivered at your location, at your preferred time.  
SPRINGBOK In-House Training Courses are the most cost-effective and efficient way to train your team. Our success in delivering In-House Training Courses is attributed to our ability to work closely with organizations. We excel in understanding your goals and specific requirement then we plan and formulate a training solution that meets the objectives.  
In-House Training Courses can be built around our standard courses or be completely bespoke to suit your specific learning objectives. Our team of experienced consultants can develop entirely new training courses that will meet your training needs.  

Why Choose an In-House Training? Cost Effective, no travel, lodging, and location expenses 100% Customized, tailored to fit your learning objectives Team Building, synergistic effect of being trained together Convenient, suit your schedule and plan it ahead

=== PAGE 7 ===
EXPRESSION OF INTEREST TO PROVIDE  
IN-HOUSE TRAININGS TO YOUR ORGANIZATION  

Springbok Types of In-House Training:  
- EXISTING STANDARD COURSE  
- TAILOR-MADE TRAINING COURSE  
- CUSTOMIZED EXISTING STANDARD COURSE  
- SPRINGBOK CREATING TRAINING PARTNERSHIP  

Our In-House Training facilitators are industry professionals who have successfully worked in their field of expertise for years. This ensures that you receive the most relevant learning experience.  
Our network of recognized consultants allows us to match the skills and experience of the facilitator with the required learning outcome.  
Whatever skills you want to develop, whatever the size of your organization, we can work with you to find a solution that fits your exact needs and your budget. Numerous organizations have entrusted us with their teams’ In-House Training and benefited tremendously from this service.

=== PAGE 8 ===
ACCOUNT MANAGEMENT
The primary responsibilities of account managers are to foster client relationships; work with sales and marketing teams to prepare presentations and sales pitches; design marketing strategies and media proposals; handle client communications and write client reports; and communicate client agendas to other staff members. The primary responsibilities of account managers are to foster client relationships; work with sales and marketing teams to prepare presentations and sales pitches; design marketing strategies and media proposals; handle client communications and write client reports; and communicate client agendas to other staff members.

FINANCIAL MODELING USING EXCEL
Financial modeling is crucial for taking investment decisions that can have a huge financial impact on companies. By attending this course, you will be able to effectively prepare and build financial models that cater to different types of investments alternatives, understand and analyze time value of money, present value, future value and weighted average cost of capital (WACC), in addition to conducting proper analysis of financial information. By the end of the training, participants will be able to apply the time value of money concepts perform and interpret financial analysis, apply cost of capital calculation techniques, construct forecasted financial statement models and perform sensitivity analysis, use the free cash flow technique in determining the value of a project or a company, develop financial models using different Excel modeling techniques

EXCEL DASHBOARDS AND REPORTING
Dashboards provide at-a-glance views of KPIs (key performance indicators) relevant to a particular objective or business process (e.g. sales, marketing, human resources, or production). Dashboard reports allow managers to acquire high-level overview of the business and assist in making quick decisions. Business Intelligence is a highly sought-after commodity in today’s world and dashboards are the most frequently used method of providing that information.

DOCUMENT CONTROL AND RECORDS MANAGEMENT
The world is packed with information; and most organizations struggle to recognize what information they have, why they need it, how long they need it for, and if it has any value. Furthermore, changes in law, such as the recent changes in the employment law, often call for tighter controls on contract documentation, and lead to a need for enhanced management of human resource and contract records. In addition, electronic information is under threat from cyber-attack and personal information is at risk of exposure. As such, the development and implementation of a records management program that includes document control methods to identify, secure and protect critical information, is necessary for every organization.
This training conveys practical methods for identifying and developing the systems of records management and document control that an organization needs. By the end of, each participant will have a plan of action as well as the necessary skills to assist with the development and implementation of an appropriate program for managing their organization’s documents, records and information.

=== PAGE 9 ===
ELECTRONIC RECORDS MANAGEMENT
The Electronic Records Management (ERM) training is tailor-made to provide a detailed in-depth understanding of modern electronic records management for all the employees involved in records management across a wide range of organizations ranging from private to public sectors. The program is designed to enhance efficiency and effectiveness of the employees in the records management spectrum. Our delegates will always appreciate the positive contribution to their personal profile upon completion of this course

APPRAISAL SKILLS
This appraisal training will teach delegates how to raise the motivation of employees and improve performance through setting objectives; giving effective feedback and praise. Our performance management course also provides tips and techniques for managing conflict in appraisals as well as showing delegates how to write effective performance reviews quickly, easily and effectively.

ASSERTIVENESS SKILLS
This training will allow delegates to develop confidence and self-esteem so that their opinions will no longer go un- noticed in the work place. Assertiveness training will provide delegates with effective tactics to build courage and defy work bullies. Those who have attended the courses have expressed that becoming more assertive at work was made easier once they applied the techniques gained from the training.

COACHING FOR MANAGERS
Our ‘Coaching for Managers’ training will show delegates tried and tested methods about 1-2-1 training; executive coaching and how to develop people in order to improve productivity and motivation. We explain through discussion, role-play and case study how to coach staff to achieve the impossible in terms of team development and business performance

CUSTOMER SERVICE AND CUSTOMER CARE
If you or your staff have to deal with customers both face to face and over the telephone, then effective Customer Care training is essential in enabling you to develop a Customer Caring or ‘Customers First’ attitude to delivering service effectively and consistently. Customer Service and Customer Care training for those wishing to learn tips and techniques on how to; handle different customers

DELEGATION SKILLS
It is recognized that the best managers are the ones who can delegate. The modern manager, with ever increasing workloads and responsibilities must use the delegation of responsibility to encourage career growth amongst his/her staff. Our programme enables delegates to understand the techniques and strategies that will allow them to use Delegation as a tool to achieve greater personal productivity; to hit organizational deadlines; increase motivation and decrease stress levels

=== PAGE 10 ===
DEALING WITH DIFFICULT PEOPLE
Our dealing with difficult people trainings are one of our popular training workshops as it effectively demonstrates how to neutralize problem situations in the workplace. It covers a wide range of scenarios that occur in the workplace such as; working with aggressive people, disagreeing with others, handling bullies at work, dealing with ignorant people at work and working with unreasonable people

DISPLINARY PROCEDURES
Our one-day ‘Correcting Poor Performance and Disciplinary Procedures training’ addresses the problem that, in a recent survey showed that 75% of managers were unaware of the correct procedures for how to discipline employees effectively. It’s not just about getting rid of difficult Staff, the modern manager must know the correct procedures for dealing with under-performing staff and how to conduct a disciplinary meeting effectively.

INTERVIEWING SKILLS
Our interviewing skills training is tailored for delegates who would like to gain better interviewing skills and learn how to conduct successful interviews for choosing the right employee(s). Our Interviewing training will show candidates how to; gain winning interview skills; give better interviews; be a better interviewer and learn how to interview effectively. As well as improving interviewing skills, delegates will also learn recruitment and employment law

INTRODUCTION TO SELLING
This is a valuable foundation training that is highly structured, interactive and focuses on bringing out the best of our delegates in a supportive environment. Most people possess the ability to sell and negotiate and our trainers use their 20 years of selling and training experience to increase the confidence and competence of potential sales ‘superstars’

LEADERSHIP AND TEAM BUILDING
Our Leadership and Teambuilding training are designed to improve leadership skills and allow our delegates to be able to lead successful and high performing teams. Our team building workshops are packed full of useful teamwork training exercises, tips and techniques that new and experienced managers will find essential in showing how to lead effectively and will put them on the steady route of becoming successfu

LETTER AND REPORT WRITING
Managers and team leaders.
Our letter writing training will allow delegates to gain useful letter writing tools, tips and techniques and also includes constructive letter and report templates. This productive training will also demonstrate the particulars of writing effective emails, whilst improving punctuation and grammar.

MANAGING MEETINGS
People at all levels of an organization have to run meetings and they have responsibility for making the best use not only of their own time but that of the other participants too. That means learning more than just excellent meeting technique. It means involving and focusing the group, using the power of persuasion and reaching agreement constructively. This training will enable people to organize and chair meeting that are more effective and more motivating for those that attend

=== PAGE 11 ===
ADVANCED PRESENTATION SKILLS
Our advanced presentation skills training gives you a platform to demonstrate your leadership qualities, communication skills, sales ability, influence and promotion potential. Our objective is to teach you proven skills and techniques that will enable you to perform at an advanced level. We will be giving action points to sharpen your image; maximize your message and increase your credibility in the eyes of colleagues and clients

POWERPOINT PRESENTATION SKILLS
Our objective is to teach you the skills and techniques which will give you both the confidence and competence to enjoy making PowerPoint presentations. We will be giving action points which can help you to sharpen your presentation image; master the complexities of this exciting method of presenting information; allow you to appear both confident and competent and increase your credibility in the eyes of colleagues and clients.

PROJECT MANAGEMENT FOR NON-PROJECT MANAGERS
Managing projects is not easy, but it is a crucial task in the workplace. Our Project Management training will present delegates with useful strategies that will assist them with: organizing projects, improving project management skills, managing projects effectively, project planning and becoming a great project manager

STRESS MANAGEMENT
We provide training for managing stress, handling stress, reducing stress, in fact all work related stress issues. Over the years we have trained thousands of people to enable them to recognize stress symptoms and causes and have given them stress management tips and techniques to enable them to identify the signs of stress and to beat and avoid it. Our training has a proven track record in stress reduction and managing stress at work

TELESALES AND TELEMARKETING
This will ensure your staff always project the correct image to your potential customers to make sure your company stands out from the crowd. It has been developed for telemarketers who make a significant number of prospecting calls and tele sales professionals who have to handle a large number of incoming sales calls. It is written with both the customer and the organization in mind to maximize on potential sales

TELEPHONE SKILLS AND CUSTOMER CARE
If you or your staff have to deal with customers both face to face and over the telephone, then effective Customer Care training is essential in enabling you to develop a Customer Caring or ‘Customers First’ attitude to delivering service effectively and consistently. Telephone Skills and Customer Care course for Those wishing to learn telephone etiquette and handling customers on the telephone.

TIME MANAGEMENT
Time management is a crucial factor in work and our time management training are created to ensure that delegates can make their time keeping as efficient and effective as possible. We do this by supplying a time management training course that is full of tools and tips for improving time management, time planning

=== PAGE 12 ===
TIME MANAGEMENT WITH MICROSOFT OUTLOOK
In this training, as well as learning how to use Outlook as a tool to manage your tasks, calendar, meetings, delegations, contacts and emails, we will also introduce you to some of the new features of Outlook 2010/20.

TRAINING THE TRAINER
This training is essential if you have just been promoted to a training or coaching role or you wish to refresh your training skills. This training will also benefit those who have become Training Managers and wish to know the fundamentals of developing organizational training programmes focusing on implementing training policy and improving staff competency levels

=== PAGE 13 ===
Trade Reference

=== PAGE 14 ===
SPRINGBOK
TRAINING AND CORPORATE BRANDING SOLUTIONS.

